docs/source/example.watchDict.md, before:

# watchDict file

## Description

A watchDict is a file in C++ dictionary format used with cosim and watchCosim.

A watchDict is suitabble for
* monitor the prgress of a running cosim simulation
* show a self defined convergence plot on the screen and save the image
* write a statistical summary of the results (as the are defined in watchDIct and as far as the progress of the simulation is).

A comprehensive watchDict is written during opsCaseBuilder's build process covering all information from the involved fmu'.
The user has the choice to reduce the content and also to write it by hand or within any other process.

## Terms & Definition

| Keyword/Example | Type          | Argument           | Description |
| :-------------- | :------------ | :----------------- | :---------- |
| datasources     | fixed keyword | dictionary         | (all\|any\|none) names of the involved fmu |
| FMUNAME         | free choice   | dictionary         | matching the name of any fmu (without file extension) |
| columns         | fixed keyword | list of integers   | columns as they are written in FMUNAME_DATETIME.csv (sub-setting and ordering is free-of-choice)  |
| delimiter       | fixed keyword | string             | the type of delimiter in FMUNAME_DATETIME.csv |
| simulation      | fixed keyword | dictionary         | some settings of the current simulaton for window decoration |
| name            | fixed keyword | string             | simulation name |
| SIMULATIONNAME  | free choice   | string             | matching the current simulation |

## Related files
* ./watchDict
* results/resultDict
* results/dataFrame.dump
* results/SIMULATIONNAME.png

## Example

![convergence plot example](demoCase.png)

~~~
/*---------------------------------*- C++ -*----------------------------------*\
filetype dictionary; coding utf-8; version 0.1; local --; purpose --;
\*----------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
datasources
{
    FMUNAME
    {
        columns
        (
            0                 1                 2                 3                 4
        );
    }
}
delimiter                     ,;
simulation
{
    name                      SIMULATIONNAME;
}
~~~

Commit message:

Sphinx documentation: example.caseDict and example.watchDict: some typos and rephrasing

docs/source/example.watchDict.md, after:

# watchDict file

## Description

A watchDict is a file in C++ dictionary format used with cosim and watchCosim.

A watchDict is suitable for
* monitor the progress of a running cosim simulation
* show a self defined convergence plot on the screen and save the image
* write a statistical summary of the results (as defined in watchDict and as far as the simulation has progressed).

A default watchDict is written during opsCaseBuilder's build process covering all information from the involved fmu's.
The user can opt to reduce and / or adjust the default watchDict's content afterwards manually (or by a user defined tool / process).

## Terms & Definition

| Keyword/Example | Type          | Argument           | Description |
| :-------------- | :------------ | :----------------- | :---------- |
| datasources     | fixed keyword | dictionary         | (all\|any\|none) names of the involved fmu's |
| FMUNAME         | free choice   | dictionary         | matching the name of any fmu (without file extension) |
| columns         | fixed keyword | list of integers   | columns as they are written in FMUNAME_DATETIME.csv (sub-setting and ordering is free-of-choice)  |
| delimiter       | fixed keyword | string             | the type of delimiter in FMUNAME_DATETIME.csv |
| simulation      | fixed keyword | dictionary         | selected settings of the current simulaton for window decoration |
| name            | fixed keyword | string             | simulation name |
| SIMULATIONNAME  | free choice   | string             | name of the current simulation |

## Related files
* ./watchDict
* results/resultDict
* results/dataFrame.dump
* results/SIMULATIONNAME.png

## Example

![convergence plot example](demoCase.png)

Below example shows the typical structure of a caseDict file.

~~~
/*---------------------------------*- C++ -*----------------------------------*\
filetype dictionary; coding utf-8; version 0.1; local --; purpose --;
\*----------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
datasources
{
    FMUNAME
    {
        columns
        (
            0                 1                 2                 3                 4
        );
    }
}
delimiter                     ,;
simulation
{
    name                      SIMULATIONNAME;
}
~~~
